Refactor FoundationDB example to build image manually (#2089)
kanisterio/kanister: examples/foundationdb/README.md

* Kubernetes 1.9+ with Beta APIs enabled.
* PV support on the underlying infrastructure.
* Kanister version 0.92.0 with `profiles.cr.kanister.io` CRD installed.
* Docker CLI installed
* A docker image containing the required tools to back up FoundationDB. The Dockerfile for the image can be found [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kanisterio/kanister/master/docker/foundationdb/Dockerfile). To build and push the docker image to your docker registry, execute [these](#build-docker-image) steps.

### Build docker image
- Execute below commands to build and push `foundationdb` docker image to a registry.
```bash

> # On your local kanister git repo
> $ cd ~/kanister/docker/foundationdb
> $ docker build -t <registry>/<account_name>/foundationdb:<tag_name> .
> $ docker push <registry>/<account_name>/foundationdb:<tag_name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Clone Kanister Github repo locally
$ git clone https://github.com/kanisterio/kanister.git <path_to_kanister>

# Build FoundationDB docker image
$ docker build -t <registry>/<repository>/foundationdb:<tag_name> <path_to_kanister>/docker/foundationdb
$ docker push <registry>/<repository>/foundationdb:<tag_name>
```

* Kubernetes 1.9+ with Beta APIs enabled.
* PV support on the underlying infrastructure.
* Kanister version 0.92.0 with `profiles.cr.kanister.io` CRD installed.
* Docker CLI installed

> * A docker image containing the required tools to back up FoundationDB. The Dockerfile for the image can be found [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kanisterio/kanister/master/docker/foundationdb/Dockerfile). To build and push the docker image to your docker registry, execute [these](#build-docker-image) steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A docker image containing the required tools to back up FoundationDB.
The Dockerfile for the image can be found [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kanisterio/kanister/master/docker/foundationdb/Dockerfile).
To build and push the docker image to your registry, execute [these](#build-docker-image) steps.
```
No major changes, just spacing

### Build docker image

> - Execute below commands to build and push `foundationdb` docker image to a registry.
> ```bash
> # Clone Kanister Github repo locally
> $ git clone https://github.com/kanisterio/kanister.git <path_to_kanister>
> 
> # Build FoundationDB docker image
> $ docker build -t <registry>/<repository>/foundationdb:<tag_name> <path_to_kanister>/docker/foundationdb
> $ docker push <registry>/<repository>/foundationdb:<tag_name>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Execute the commands below to build and push the `foundationdb` docker image to a registry.
```bash
# Clone Kanister Github repo locally
$ git clone https://github.com/kanisterio/kanister.git <path_to_kanister>

# Build FoundationDB docker image
$ docker build -t <registry>/<repository>/foundationdb:<tag_name> <path_to_kanister>/docker/foundationdb
$ docker push <registry>/<repository>/foundationdb:<tag_name>
```

* Kubernetes 1.9+ with Beta APIs enabled.
* PV support on the underlying infrastructure.
* Kanister version 0.92.0 with `profiles.cr.kanister.io` CRD installed.
* Docker CLI installed

> * A docker image containing the required tools to back up FoundationDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A docker image containing the required tools to back up FoundationDB.

```
The next sentence is added as a new bullet point in the preview. Add a newline if you don't want to add it as a bullet point.

Reviewer 2: Looks okay to me 👀 
![image](https://github.com/kanisterio/kanister/assets/6504783/36e458e1-c975-421c-b972-28b3d19c0531)

Reviewer: I meant, is it intended to be a separate point or are both sentences part of the same point

Author: I think we should keep that as separate point.

Please follow below command to create the CR, please make sure to use the local_cluster.yaml file from this repo.

**NOTE:**

> Replace `<registry>`, `<account_name>` and `<tag_name>` for the `imageName` value in `./local_cluster.yaml` before running following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `<registry>`, `<repository>` and `<tag_name>` for the `imageName` value in `./local_cluster.yaml` before running the following command.
```

Author: I don't think we should change it to repository, actually it is the username that is prepended with repository (foundationdb).
So it would be `account_name/foundationdb`.

Reviewer: @akankshakumari393 in the command documented above, we are using `docker push <registry>/<repository>/foundationdb:<tag_name>`. We should use the same terms at other places
